Lijstje van bijdrages maken aan wetenschap

Een truck die breeder gebruikt kan worden

Parameters naar het einde verplaatsen

Hernoem alle Hs in Coq

Elpi werkt het beste als je backtracking omarmed

- Error messaging is moelijker
- Debugging backtracking
- Elpi werkt goed met HOAS
- Goede controle over wanneer typechecking

Goede techniecken van programesren in ELpi

Het eerste argument van intros is een DSL die simpel proof steps uitvoerd

Nieuwe paragraaf niet met this beginnen

Lists are defined similiarly pg36

note that elpi strings are native datattype and we can't match on them pg 36

I don't like the inline syntax highlighting, it looks like there is a ' at the end of every code snippet

===========================================================================

[x] p30: "new (IPM) tactics" You use parentheses as "Foo Bar (FB)" or "FB (Foo Bar)"
[x] p30: "will function explain"
[x] p30: "our tactic" You mean our version of iIntros?
[x] p30: "(DSL) as the Coq tactic" which Coq tactic?
[x] p30: "There are [..] proposition" plurality
[x] p30: "As a Coq goal this would be" As Coq goal you initially do not get the `-------∗`
[x] p31: "This does not only" .. "also use this" What is "this"? The use of `#`? Typically avoid talking about "this" in the beginning of a new paragraph, it is very ambiguous where it refers to.
[x] p33: "Before starting the Elpi eiIntros tactic" Before describing our implementation of ... ?
[x] p33: "are made in" defined?
[x] p33: Interestingly, you changed the order of `of_envs`. In the real code, `envs_wf` is first.
[x] p33: Since this is already not the "real\* `of_envs` (which takes `envs`, but two times `env`), consider inlining the thing entirely in `envs_entails`.
[x] p34: "but preserve the context" What does it mean to "preserve" the context? The context changes, so I wouldn't call it being preserved.
[x] p34: "hodls"
[x] p34: "while creating any tactics" strange use of "any"
[x] p34: All the Elpi + λProlog citations should more appropriate in the introduction. If the extensions are not used, why mention them at all? Or will they be described elsewhere?
[x] p35: `list goal`, it's in the figure, but is this data type used for real?
[x] p35: "speperated"
[x] p36: "have higher order types, like option A" Not sure higher-order is the right word, you probably mean type formers or polymorphic types.
[x] p36: "and later on list A" later suggests it will be elsewhere "later", but it is not. (I am not suggesting to add it, since the definition is obvious).
[x] p36: "following list" Elpi list.
[x] p36: "(Elpi provides the standard notations for lists)"
[x] p36: "Every predicate can have" just "has"
[x] p36: "rex.split" splits a string given a delimiter. (And omit that sentence later)
[x] p37: "When we call it" What is "it"?
[x] p37: "this workaround" What is the workaround?
[x] p37: "the first rule for which its" first rule whose
[x] p37: "This predicate has rules for all tokens" It does not. Before the code, just say you show an excerpt.
[x] p37: "All rules have a cut, ! ," All rules use the \emph{cut} `!` to prevent backtracking, see \Cref{x}." Shorter, and directly says what cut is about.
[x] p37: "While our language" What is our language? Iris Proof Mode, Elpi, Coq?

[] p50: Why do we need a different example than the running example here? It would make much more sense to say the definition of isMLL from Sec is defined as follows
[] p51: "maximally inserted" Coqism?
[] p51: "typeis not yet calculated" What does that mean?
[] p51: "if its inductive" ??
[] p51: "pre fixpoint" Why didn't we use this terminology earlier?
[] p51: Now you mention isMLL, but this seems like the ordinary list?
[] p51: Where is the code in Sec 5.2 from? How is that related to the earlier code?
[] p52: "prod constructor with the fun constructor" Where is that in the code?
