geen nieuwe info in contributies

fixpoint bestaat ook in coq, inductive is inductive, banach bestaat niet
banach: stepindexed met niet positiviteit

Wij bouwen inductive op van de foundational logica in Coq, veel andere tools hebben inductie als een axioma

inductive en inductieeve types zijn belangrijke dingen in logica, elke bewijs assistent heeft hier support voor
Maar omdat we in een bewijs assistent seperatie logica doen, jebben we de inductien niet op de sep prop. Om dat op te lossen is er

- fixpoint
- indcutive
- banach

Je wil geen axioma maar een lemma
Iris kan dit zonder boilerplate

In the lamprolog \cite{} dialect Elpi \cite{}

We use marked linked lists as our central example

We use it to illustrate our problem
Ook noemen dat je MLL niet kan oplossen door fixpoint

In related work over banach
Total correctness kan niet
Partial correctness kan wel

7.2 en 7.3 samenvoegen

BI logic, sep logic maar dan algebrarisch

why3 is geen sep logic
genereert lemmas op het prop niveau
Niet noemen in related work

Iris proofmode paper, staan veel citaties over systemen

Step indexing, banach, dan is total correctness uit
Ook als je alleen logische stappen hebt of een tail pointer hebt ofzo

Er zijn allerlei beslissings procedufres voor sep logic.
Buiten bewijs assistenet gaan mensen verder, maar dat is hier niet het doel

5.1:
Je wil de Elpi vorm naar de pre fixpoint
Om dit op te lossen moeten we de volgende challenges oplossen

Je gaat de stapjes door lopen zonde te zeggen dat je dat gaat doen
Je bent allemaal hacky dingen aan het doen, die niet logisch equivalent zijn

5.2:
Geef IProper en de type van f in IProperTop

5.3:
list val heet ineens l, niet v
l' en v' in proof goal zijn van plek veranderd

# Chapter 1

Major:

- Currently it sounds a bit like Iris is the "end" instead of the "means". I think many of the ideas here would also work in any other separation logic embedded in a proof assistant based on higher-order logic.
- The introduction is missing some text on the challenges/approach. In principle, the contributions should not contain new concepts (monotonicity proofs, proof generators), these should have been explained in the text and be related to the challenges. In other words, between 1.1 and 1.2 something is missing. You also don't discuss how porting IPM to Elpi is related. Is that a purely orthogonal experiment, or is that needed for the inductives?
- I am missing a discussion that there are multiple ways to represent inductives in separation logic: structural recursion (`Fixpoint`), Banach fixpoint (step-indexing), and least/greatest fixpoints. It would be good to compare these.

Minor:

- "recently been used" A 2020 paper is not so recent (especially since Iris is fairly young).
- "ongoing project" RustBelt is not really ongoing
- I would rather go for, Iris has been applied to verification in Rust~\cite{RustBelt,...}, Go~\cite{Perennial}, Scala~\cite{gDot}, C~\cite{RefinedC}, and WebAssembly~\cite{IrisWasm}.
- "Unfortunately, defining inductive predicates in Iris" This is not necessarily true depending on which encoding method you use. The Fixpoint approach is trivial, but is limited.
- "with some additions" additions for what?
- "is marked linked lists" plurality
- "MLLs are an intermediary data structure in a paper by Fomitchev and Ruppert" Weird place for the citation. I would typically start the 1.1 with "marked linked lists (MLLs), developed by \citet{}". I guess also their original use was for concurrency, so it might be good to make that clear.
- The command eiInd maybe add (for "Elpi Iris Inductive") so that it is clear why `ei` makes sense.
- "We also discuss how and if Elpi can be used in IPM." The "how" is already discussed in Chapter 3?
- "During the thesis," \paragraph{Notation.}
- Since "proof generator" are apparently an important contribution, why does this term only appear out of the sudden halfway in 4.7? And why don't you ever define what they are?

# Chapter 5

- p52: You should explain the diagram in Fig 5.1.

- p54: "The constructor mark_is_MLL has the Coq binders v , vs , l and tl" How do I see that in the code?
- p54: I don't understand why `∃ .. -∗ ..`. Logically this makes no sense. Is this a typo? Or some intermediate step where you generate some temp syntax that has no sensible logical meaning?
- p54: Why has one example `Body =` and the other not?
- p54: The final `Body = ` seems wrong. You don't have `lp:f` twice (it's not binary recursion), but you need to generate equalities.
- p54: I don't understand the `FunTerm` part.

- p55: Give the type of `f`, otherwise it is hard to make sense of `IProperTop`.
- p56: "for a function as described above" very ambiguous where this refers to. You mean an arbitrary pre-fixpoint function?
- p56: "The amount of arguments" You mean number, since you can count them.
- p56: "The do-steps.do predicate contains rules for every possibility in the proof search algorithm." I don't understand this? What is a "possibility"
- p57: "Defining the pre fixpoint function monotone" Not proper English.

- p58: "The fixpoint is generated by recursing through the type term multiple times using the ideas of the previous sections." I don't understand.
- p58: Not sure the title of 5.3 covers the contents. It's only very little about constructing the fixpoint, but a lot about the databases.
- p58: You are not saying anything how the fixpoint is defined. Is there a generic combinator for that, or will you generate a specific version of the fixpoint theorem?
- p58: "Where instead of «· · · » we insert the variable containing the actual reference." I don't understand. So this is not real Elpi syntax that you show?

- p59: Are you using your `ei` tactics in Sec 5.4? If so, you should make that clear.
